# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
appdirs                   1.4.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
appnope                   0.1.2            py36h79c6626_1    conda-forge
argon2-cffi               20.1.0           py36h20b66c6_2    conda-forge
async_generator           1.10                       py_0    conda-forge
attrs                     21.2.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
backcall                  0.2.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
backports                 1.0                        py_2    conda-forge
backports.functools_lru_cache 1.6.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
beautifulsoup4            4.9.3              pyhb0f4dca_0    conda-forge
bleach                    3.3.0              pyh44b312d_0    conda-forge
bokeh                     2.3.2            py36h79c6626_0    conda-forge
brotlipy                  0.7.0           py36h9ed2024_1003  
bzip2                     1.0.8                h0d85af4_4    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.17.1               h0d85af4_1    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2021.10.8            h033912b_0    conda-forge
cached-property           1.5.2                hd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
cached_property           1.5.2              pyha770c72_1    conda-forge
cachetools                4.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cartopy                   0.19.0.post1     py36hb083fcb_0    conda-forge
cctools_osx-64            949.0.1             h6407bdd_22    conda-forge
certifi                   2021.5.30        py36h79c6626_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.14.5           py36hfaecaff_0    conda-forge
cftime                    1.5.0            py36hab44bd3_0    conda-forge
cgen                      2020.1                     py_0    conda-forge
chardet                   4.0.0           py36hecd8cb5_1003  
clang                     11.1.0               h694c41f_1    conda-forge
clang-11                  11.1.0          default_he082bbe_1    conda-forge
clang_osx-64              11.1.0               hb91bd55_2    conda-forge
clangxx                   11.1.0          default_he082bbe_1    conda-forge
click                     7.1.2              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
click-plugins             1.1.1                    pypi_0    pypi
cligj                     0.7.2                    pypi_0    pypi
cloudpickle               1.6.0                      py_0    conda-forge
compiler-rt               11.1.0               h654b07c_0    conda-forge
compiler-rt_osx-64        11.1.0               h8c5fa43_0    conda-forge
contextvars               2.4                        py_0    conda-forge
cryptography              3.4.7            py36h2fd3fbb_0  
curl                      7.77.0               hb861fe1_0    conda-forge
cycler                    0.10.0                     py_2    conda-forge
cytoolz                   0.11.0           py36h20b66c6_3    conda-forge
dask                      2021.3.0           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
dask-core                 2021.3.0           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
dbus                      1.13.6               ha13b53f_2    conda-forge
decorator                 5.0.9              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
defusedxml                0.7.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
distributed               2021.3.0         py36h79c6626_0    conda-forge
docopt                    0.6.2                    pypi_0    pypi
entrypoints               0.3             pyhd8ed1ab_1003    conda-forge
expat                     2.4.1                he49afe7_0    conda-forge
ffmpeg                    4.3.1                hb787a4c_2    conda-forge
fiona                     1.8.21                   pypi_0    pypi
freetype                  2.10.4               h4cff582_1    conda-forge
fsspec                    2021.5.0           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
geographiclib             1.50                     pypi_0    pypi
geopandas                 0.9.0                    pypi_0    pypi
geopy                     2.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
geos                      3.9.1                he49afe7_2    conda-forge
gettext                   0.19.8.1          h7937167_1005    conda-forge
glib                      2.68.2               he49afe7_2    conda-forge
glib-tools                2.68.2               he49afe7_2    conda-forge
gmp                       6.2.1                h2e338ed_0    conda-forge
gmpy2                     2.0.8            py36h6ef4df4_2  
gnutls                    3.6.13               h756fd2b_1    conda-forge
gsw                       3.4.0            py36h962fabe_1    conda-forge
h5py                      3.1.0           nompi_py36h9252a2b_100    conda-forge
hdf4                      4.2.15               hefd3b78_3    conda-forge
hdf5                      1.10.6          nompi_hc5d9132_1114    conda-forge
heapdict                  1.0.1                      py_0    conda-forge
icu                       68.1                 h74dc148_0    conda-forge
idna                      2.10               pyhd3eb1b0_0  
immutables                0.15             py36h49ba835_0    conda-forge
importlib-metadata        4.4.0            py36h79c6626_0    conda-forge
ipykernel                 5.5.5            py36h495a4c6_0    conda-forge
ipython                   7.16.1           py36h9cf137f_2    conda-forge
ipython_genutils          0.2.0                      py_1    conda-forge
ipywidgets                7.6.3              pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
jedi                      0.17.2           py36h79c6626_1    conda-forge
jinja2                    3.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jpeg                      9d                   hbcb3906_0    conda-forge
jsonschema                3.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_3    conda-forge
jupyter                   1.0.0            py36h79c6626_6    conda-forge
jupyter_client            6.1.12             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_console           6.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_core              4.7.1            py36h79c6626_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab_pygments       0.1.2              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab_widgets        1.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.3.1            py36h615c93b_1    conda-forge
krb5                      1.19.1               hcfbf3a7_0    conda-forge
lame                      3.100             h35c211d_1001    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.12                 h577c468_0    conda-forge
ld64_osx-64               530                 he8994da_21    conda-forge
ldid                      2.1.2                h7660a38_2    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0                9_openblas    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0                9_openblas    conda-forge
libclang                  11.1.0          default_he082bbe_1    conda-forge
libclang-cpp11.1          11.1.0          default_he082bbe_1    conda-forge
libcurl                   7.77.0               hf45b732_0    conda-forge
libcxx                    11.1.0               habf9029_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20191231         h0678c8f_2    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 haf1e3a3_1    conda-forge
libffi                    3.3                  h046ec9c_2    conda-forge
libgfortran               5.0.0           9_3_0_h6c81a4c_22    conda-forge
libgfortran5              9.3.0               h6c81a4c_22    conda-forge
libglib                   2.68.2               hd556434_2    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.16                 haf1e3a3_0    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0                9_openblas    conda-forge
libllvm11                 11.1.0               hd011deb_2    conda-forge
libllvm12                 12.0.0               hd011deb_1    conda-forge
libnetcdf                 4.8.0           nompi_hb4d10b0_103    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.43.0               h07e645a_0    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.15          openmp_h5e1b9a4_1    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.37               h7cec526_2    conda-forge
libpq                     13.3                 hea3049e_0    conda-forge
libsodium                 1.0.18               hbcb3906_1    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.9.0                h52ee1ee_6    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.2.0                h46d1c8c_2    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.2.0                h0d85af4_2    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.9.12               h93ec3fd_0    conda-forge
libxslt                   1.1.33               h5739fc3_2    conda-forge
libzip                    1.7.3                hbc046b2_0    conda-forge
llvm-openmp               11.1.0               hda6cdc1_1    conda-forge
llvm-tools                11.1.0               hd011deb_2    conda-forge
locket                    0.2.0                      py_2    conda-forge
lxml                      3.8.0                    py36_0    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.9.3                h046ec9c_0    conda-forge
markupsafe                2.0.1            py36hfa26744_0    conda-forge
matplotlib                3.3.4            py36h79c6626_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.3.4            py36h4ea959b_0    conda-forge
mistune                   0.8.4           py36h20b66c6_1003    conda-forge
mpc                       1.2.1                hbb51d92_0    conda-forge
mpfr                      4.1.0                h0f52abe_1    conda-forge
mpmath                    1.2.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
msgpack-python            1.0.2            py36h615c93b_1    conda-forge
munch                     2.5.0                    pypi_0    pypi
mysql-common              8.0.23               h694c41f_2    conda-forge
mysql-libs                8.0.23               h54f5a68_2    conda-forge
nbclient                  0.5.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nbconvert                 6.0.7            py36h79c6626_3    conda-forge
nbformat                  5.1.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.2                  h2e338ed_4    conda-forge
nest-asyncio              1.5.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
netcdf4                   1.5.6           nompi_py36hc0a01b0_103    conda-forge
nettle                    3.6                  hedd7734_0    conda-forge
notebook                  6.3.0            py36h79c6626_0    conda-forge
nspr                      4.30                 hcd9eead_0    conda-forge
nss                       3.66                 h31e2bf1_0    conda-forge
numpy                     1.19.5           py36h08dc641_1    conda-forge
olefile                   0.46               pyh9f0ad1d_1    conda-forge
openh264                  2.1.1                hfd3ada9_0    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.4.0                h6e7aa92_1    conda-forge
openssl                   1.1.1n               h6c3fc93_0    conda-forge
packaging                 20.9               pyh44b312d_0    conda-forge
pandas                    1.1.5            py36h2be6da3_0    conda-forge
pandoc                    2.14.0.1             h0d85af4_0    conda-forge
pandocfilters             1.4.2                      py_1    conda-forge
parcels                   2.2.2            py36h79c6626_0    conda-forge
parso                     0.7.1              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
partd                     1.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pcre                      8.44                 hb1e8313_0    conda-forge
pexpect                   4.8.0              pyh9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
pickleshare               0.7.5                   py_1003    conda-forge
pillow                    8.2.0            py36h154fef6_1    conda-forge
pip                       21.1.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
progressbar2              3.53.1             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
proj                      7.2.0                h78d1473_2    conda-forge
prometheus_client         0.11.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
prompt-toolkit            3.0.18             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
prompt_toolkit            3.0.18               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
psutil                    5.8.0            py36hfa26744_1    conda-forge
ptyprocess                0.7.0              pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.20               pyh9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
pydap                     3.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pygments                  2.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pymbolic                  2021.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyopenssl                 20.0.1             pyhd3eb1b0_1  
pyparsing                 2.4.7              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
pyproj                    3.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
pyqt                      5.12.3           py36h79c6626_7    conda-forge
pyqt-impl                 5.12.3           py36hb40023b_7    conda-forge
pyqt5-sip                 4.19.18          py36h3ffa6ac_7    conda-forge
pyqtchart                 5.12             py36hb40023b_7    conda-forge
pyqtwebengine             5.12.1           py36hb40023b_7    conda-forge
pyrsistent                0.17.3           py36h20b66c6_2    conda-forge
pyshp                     2.1.3              pyh44b312d_0    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.7.1            py36hecd8cb5_0  
python                    3.6.13          h7728216_0_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.1                      py_0    conda-forge
python-utils              2.5.6              pyh44b312d_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.6                     1_cp36m    conda-forge
pytools                   2021.2.7           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pytz                      2021.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyyaml                    5.4.1            py36h20b66c6_0    conda-forge
pyzmq                     22.1.0           py36h50cd92c_0    conda-forge
qt                        5.12.9               h126340a_4    conda-forge
qtconsole                 5.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
qtpy                      1.9.0                      py_0    conda-forge
readline                  8.1                  h05e3726_0    conda-forge
requests                  2.25.1             pyhd3eb1b0_0  
scipy                     1.5.3            py36h04de62b_0    conda-forge
send2trash                1.5.0                      py_0    conda-forge
setuptools                49.6.0           py36h79c6626_3    conda-forge
shapely                   1.7.1            py36h4d2624d_5    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
sortedcontainers          2.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
soupsieve                 2.2.1                    pypi_0    pypi
sqlite                    3.35.5               h44b9ce1_0    conda-forge
sympy                     1.7.1            py36h79c6626_1    conda-forge
tapi                      1100.0.11            h9ce4665_0    conda-forge
tblib                     1.7.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
terminado                 0.10.0           py36h79c6626_0    conda-forge
testpath                  0.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.10               h0419947_1    conda-forge
toolz                     0.11.1                     py_0    conda-forge
tornado                   6.1              py36h20b66c6_1    conda-forge
traitlets                 4.3.3            py36h9f0ad1d_1    conda-forge
typing_extensions         3.10.0.0           pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
urllib3                   1.26.4             pyhd3eb1b0_0  
wcwidth                   0.2.5              pyh9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
webencodings              0.5.1                      py_1    conda-forge
webob                     1.8.7              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wheel                     0.36.2             pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
widgetsnbextension        3.5.1            py36h79c6626_4    conda-forge
x264                      1!161.3030           h35c211d_0    conda-forge
xarray                    0.18.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.5                haf1e3a3_1    conda-forge
yaml                      0.2.5                haf1e3a3_0    conda-forge
zeromq                    4.3.4                h1c7c35f_0    conda-forge
zict                      2.0.0                      py_0    conda-forge
zipp                      3.4.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.11            h7795811_1010    conda-forge
zstd                      1.4.9                h582d3a0_0    conda-forge